well on the ground in Gaza there have
been reports of heavy Israeli air and
artillery attacks on Kanan yunas
residential squares and buildings have
again been targeted the UN says 150,000
Palestinians have fled since Monday many
people have been seeking shelter in the
city's NASA Hospital one of the only
medical facilities that's still running
in the south at least 89 Palestinians
have been killed and more than 250
injured since Israel began its military
operation in that southern city on
Monday let's get the latest from our
correspondent hin kodari she's in der Al
Bala in central Gaza H we are now
several days into this K Unice Israeli
offensive how are people holding
up well there are three days some people
are trapped without food without water
no one could reach them no one could
evacuate them and those are the
Palestinians that did not have any time
to evacuate where we know that the
Israeli forces threw leaflets on the pal
Ians in eastern parts ofun and then
started shelling in a very crazy way all
parts ofun so people who were able and
managed to evacuate evacuated without
food without money without clothes
without anything that they could survive
with and they're scattered across the
streets of the Easter western parts of
kanun sari so Palestinians do not have
any place to go and they have been
moving from a place to another looking
for a shelter but all the streets are
overwhelmed and packed with Palestinians
especially in Al maasi area and also let
me remind you that Al maasi has been
attacked a couple of times by the
Israeli forces so they do not know where
to go everyone where has been a Target
and everywhere has not been safe for the
Palestinians but also there's only one
Hospital facilitating in hunis which is
a nasur hospital and there have been
calling for blood units because they ran
out of blood units uh to treat all of
these injuries that are being received
and transferred to the hospital every
single uh minute but the civil defense
teams and the paramedics are saying that
they could not reach the areas that's
why we are expecting um the number uh to
uh increase the death tot to increase
the number of injuries to increase
because for 3 days now there are areas
where the paramedics were unable to
reach and those are the Eastern parts of
kanun some people made it here to in the
middle area but the middle area has been
also under constant attack by the
Israeli war planes so people are left
homeless they do not know where to go
and they are trapped and squeezed into
the middle
area the situation in kanun is
devastating the ell Shing continue the
air strikes continue and every
Palestinian who's trying to evacuate or
to move to a safer area away from the
air strikes the Israeli quadopter are
targeting the people so Palestinians are
asking where they should they go they do
not have any place they evacuated in a
couple of minutes without taking any of
their belongings so they're left with
zero items they left all their memories
they left their houses and those houses
were already partially damaged and they
tried to fix them because the Israeli
forces already invaded kenun for four
months uh starting uh January ending in
April and this is the second huge uh
ground Invasion uh the Israeli forces
take and and operate in kanun so it's
still escalating and we're still trying
to know anything about the people that
are trapped in benisa and in the Eastern
Parts
ofun hin hodari there for us with all
the latest from darab Bala in central
Gaza thank you
hind make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer